0	The Fool, reversed	N: Eager Cadet	F: “The enthusiasm of the young, sharpened by the discipline of a soldier.”	Meaning: innocence, beginnings. 
1	The Magician, reversed	N: Mind Sculpt	F: ”Your mind was a curious mix of madness and genius. I just took away the genius."	Meaning: manipulation, poor planning.
2	The High Priestess, reversed	N: Stealer of Secrets	F: “The Dimir would hire her, if only they knew where she lived. The Azorius would condemn her, if only they knew her name.”	Meaning: hidden agendas.
3	The Empress, reversed	N: Tricks of the Trade	F: “Pathetic. You might as well have protected your treasures with a paper box and some string."	Meaning: creative block, dependence on others, loss of personal power.
4	The Emperor, reversed	N: Cancel	F: “It is forbidden. Asking why is irrelevant."	Meaning: domination, inflexibility, single-mindedness.
5	The Hierophant, reversed	N: Murmuring Phantasm	F: “The most insidious thing in the world is nonsense that sounds just plausible enough to listen to.”	Meaning: blind faith, abuse of power, misleading speech.
6	The Lovers, Reversed	N: High Priest of Penance	F: “All I require is faith, loyalty, obedience, trust, and complete and utter devotion."	Meaning: imbalance, misunderstanding, manipulation.
7	The Chariot, reversed	N: Celestial Flare	F: “You were defeated the moment you declared your aggression.”	Meaning: aggression, lack of direction or control, stagnation.
8	Justice, reversed	N: Punish the Enemy	F: “When justice descends, the servant will burn with the master.”	Meaning: dishonesty, retribution, inflexibility.
9	The Hermit, reversed	N: Killing Glare	F: “A casual glance into a dark corner may be your last.”	Meaning: isolation, loneliness, withdrawal.
10	The Wheel, reversed	N: Coastline Chimera	F: “Seeing a chimera overhead foretells good fortune, but only because seeing one any closer foretells dismemberment.”	Meaning: bad luck, external forces beyond your control.
11	Strength, reversed	N: Wall of Swords	F: "When I said we needed more swords to protect the realm, this was not quite what I had in mind."	Meaning: weakness, self-doubt, lack of self-discipline.
12	The Hanged Man, reversed	N: Outwit	F: “The student asks how a spell is begun. The master ponders what ends it.”	Meaning: compassion, reversal of expectations, a new point of view.
13	Death, reversed	N: Army of the Damned	F:	“Sometimes death comes knocking. Sometimes it tears down the walls.”	Meaning: detachment, resistance to change.
14	Temperance, reversed	N: Assault Strobe	F: “When breaking someone's face once just isn't enough.”	Meaning: imbalance, lack of long-term vision, material excess.
15	The Devil, reversed	N: Retraction Helix	F: “Where the geometries of the world collapse, a master of the Æther can harvest power beyond comprehending.”	Meaning: escape from illusion, breaking from old patterns, new insight.
16	The Tower, reversed	N: Pillar of War	F: “Just because a temple has no guards doesn't mean it's undefended.”	Meaning: renewal, destruction of old forms, realization.
17	The Star, reversed	N: Mending Hands	F: “I can staunch their blood, mend their flesh, and knit their bones. But I cannot restore their hope."	Meaning: despair, discouragement, insecurity, lack of progress or vision.
18	The Moon, reversed	N: Fate Foretold	F: “The tale of her life was already written, but that didn't mean she could predict the ending.”	Meaning: indecision, disillusionment, anxiety, insecurity.
19	The Sun, reversed	N: Last Word	F: “Someday, someone will best me. But it won't be today, and it won't be you.”	Meaning: lack of success, creative block, fear of the future.
20	Judgement, reversed	N: Lyev Decree	F: “The Azorius have so many codes and statutes that you're always in violation of one of them.”	Meaning: self-doubt, misconceptions, jumping to conclusions.
21	The World, reversed	N: Ray of Dissolution	F: “The works of one god last only as long as the patience of another.”	Meaning: lack of vision, failure to see the big picture, small-mindedness.
